1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?
--> There are 7 types of conditions available:
	Format values greater than, less than, between, equal to
	Format values above or below the average
	Highlight the top or bottom 10 items
	Highlight the top or bottom 10%
	Highlight the duplicate or unique items
	Format a date falling within a certain period
	Format text containing certain words or characters 

There are 5 types of conditional formatting visualizations available:
	Background Color Shading (of cells)
	Foreground Color Shading (of fonts)
	Data Bars
	Icons (which have 4 different image types)
	Values 

2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?
--> Follow below steps to insert borders:
   1.Select one or more cells to which you'd like to add borders.
   2.Open the Format Cells dialog box by Right click on the selected cells and choose Format Cells… from the context menu.
   3.In the Format Cells dialog box, switch to the Border tab and choose the line style and color first. 
     And then, either use Presets to add the outside or inside borders or construct the desired border by selecting individual elements such as border top, bottom, right or left. 
     The preview diagram will reflect the changes immediately.
   4.When done, click OK.

3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?
--> Select the cells that you want to format and then,
    In the Number group on the Home tab, click the down arrow in the Number Format box.
    Choose either Currency or Accounting.

4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?
--> Select the cells that you want to format and then,
    In the Number group on the Home tab, click the down arrow in the Number Format box.
    Choose Percentage as the format. 

5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?
--> Merge Cells: ALT H+M+M.

6. How do you use text commands in Excel?
--> The TEXT function lets you change the way a number appears by applying formatting to it with format codes. 
    It's useful in situations where you want to display numbers in a more readable format, or you want to combine numbers with text or symbols.

    Syntax : TEXT(value, format_text)
    	value: A numeric value that you want to be converted into text.
        format_text: A text string that defines the formatting that you want to be applied to the supplied value.

   Example:
    TEXT(1234.567,"$#,##0.00")  = Currency with a thousands separator and 2 decimals, like $1,234.57. 
    TEXT(TODAY(),"DDD")  = Today's day of the week with first 3 letters like Mon.