1. To use the ribbon commands, what menu and grouping of commands will you find the Insert and Delete command?
--> In the Home menu and Cells grouping, Insert and Delete commands are available. 

2. If you set a row height or column width to 0 (zero), what happens to the row and column?
--> The corresponding row and column will be hidden.

3. Is there a need to change the height and width in a cell? Why?
--> It is necessary to change width and height in excel to fit the data. Excel by default provide equal width and height with respect to columns and rows. 
    Whenever we enter a lengthy data, few characters will get displayed and other will be present inside the cell but will be hidden to the user.

4. What is the keyboard shortcut to unhide rows?
--> Ctrl+Shift+9 is the shortcut to unhide rows.

5. How to hide rows containing blank cells?
--> With the Go To Special function, you can select the blank cells first and then apply the short cut keys to hide the rows which contain blank cells. 
    Please do with following steps:
    a.Select the data range which contains the blank cells you want to hide.
    b.Then click Home > Find & Select > Go To Special.
    c.And in the Go To Special dialog, select Blanks option, and then click OK button.
    d.All of the blank cells in the selection have been selected.
    e.Then you can press Ctrl + 9 keys together to hide the rows which have blank cells.

6. What are the steps to hide the duplicate values using conditional formatting in excel?
--> Follow below steps:
    1.To start with, select the data where you want to apply Conditional Formatting. 
    2.Open the Home tab >> from Conditional Formatting >> go to Highlight Cells Rules >> select Duplicate Values
    3.A dialog box will pop up.
    4.From there select Format cells that contain as Duplicates and values with as CustomFormat.
    5.Another dialog box will pop up to choose the format.
    6.From there you can select any color, but to hide duplicates you will need to choose the color of your cell
    7.Afer selecing the same background colour, click on OK.
    8.Now, click OK on the first dialog box of Duplicate Values.
    9.All the duplicates values are hidden including the first occurrence.