1. What do you mean by cells in an excel sheet?
--> Every worksheet in a excel workbook is made up of thousands of rectangle elements called cells.
    A cell is a intersection of row and column, rows are indentified by numbers and columns
    are identified by letters.

2. How can you restrict someone from copying a cell from your worksheet?
--> In order to protect your worksheet from getting copied, you need to go into Menu bar >Review > Protect sheet > Password.
    By entering password, you can secure your worksheet from getting copied by others.

3. How to move or copy the worksheet into another workbook?
--> Follow below steps to move or copy worksheet:
   1.Right click on the sheet name (tab where all sheetnames are available) that you want to copy, and then click Move or Copy…
   2.In the Move or Copy dialog box, do the following:
   	a.Under To book, choose the target file. To place a copy into a new workbook,select (new book).
	  Excel displays only the open workbooks in the To book drop-down list, so be sure to open the destination file before copying.
   	b.Under Before sheet, specify where to put the copy.
   	c.Select the Create a copy box.
   	d.Click OK. 

4. Which key is used as a shortcut for opening a new window document?
--> Ctrl + N is used as a shortcut for opening a new window document.

5. What are the things that we can notice after opening the Excel interface?
--> When an excel workbook is opened, excel worksheet is having numerous cells. Columns are labelled with numbers and rows
    are labelled with alphabets.
    Ribbon tab (top level menu options) has File, Home, Insert, Page Layout, Data, Review and View.
    By default Home Ribbon is displayed. In home tab, different options are available for formatting the data.
    Similar features are organized by group, for example there is a Clipboard group with cut, copy, and paste commands;
    and a Font group with font styles, colors, and sizes. 
    
    In the worksheet tab: Three worksheets will be available by default with the names sheet1,sheet2 and sheet3.
    

6. When to use a relative cell reference in excel?
--> Relative references are used when we want to perform a similar operation on multiple cells and the formula must change 
    according to the relative address of column and row.  